docs(stack): reorganize navigation into evaluate and deployment paths (#1605)
Consensys/doc.linea: docs/stack/how-it-works/data-availability-finalization.mdx

---
title: Data availability and finalization
description: >-
  Data availability and finalization-layer choices for Lineth deployments
sidebar_position: 3
image: /img/socialCards/data-availability-and-finalization.jpg
---

> Use this page to compare data availability and finalization designs for a Lineth deployment and their operator consequences. For application-level versus settlement finality, see [Finality design](../features/fast-finality.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page compares data availability and finalization designs for a Lineth deployment and their operator consequences. For application-level versus settlement finality, see [Finality design](../features/fast-finality.mdx).
```
